[IMP] Settings: Users Images and Icons (#12617)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/users.rst

The list of applications shown is based on the applications installed on the database.

.. image:: users/new-user.png
   :alt: View of a user's form emphasizing the access rights tab in Odoo.

> After filling out all the necessary fields on the page, manually :guilabel:`Save`. An invitation

Reviewer: There is no button with "Save" text, rather the _Save manually_ cloud icon is used here
```suggestion
After filling out all the necessary fields on the page, :icon:`fa-cloud-upload` :guilabel:`(Save
manually)`. An invitation email is automatically sent to the user, using the email in the
:guilabel:`Email Address` field. The user must click on the link included in the email to accept the
invitation, and to create a database login.
```

   subscription. Alternatively, `send a support ticket <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_ to resolve the
   issue.

User type
---------

:guilabel:`User Type` can be selected from the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab of the user form,
accessible via :menuselection:`Settings app --> Users section --> Manage Users`.

There are three types of users: :guilabel:`Internal User`, :guilabel:`Portal`, and
:guilabel:`Public`.

.. image:: users/user-type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a user's form in developer mode emphasizing the user type field in Odoo.

.. tip::
   Users are considered internal database users. Portal users are external users, who only have
   access to the database portal to view records. See the documentation on :doc:`users/portal`.

   Public users are those visiting websites, via the website's frontend.

The :guilabel:`Portal` and :guilabel:`Public` user options do **not** allow the administrator to
choose access rights. These users have specific access rights pre-set (such as, record rules and
restricted menus), and usually do not belong to the usual Odoo groups.

> 

Reviewer 2: I noticed that the section on internal, portal, and public users  is being removed, and I wanted to clarify its importance before proceeding. This concept is critical for understanding user roles in Odoo, so it would be great if we could keep and improve it rather than remove it entirely. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ada85aa3-87f0-440b-a428-b2b2d9d25665)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8345f6d4-ca82-4894-a38b-86d6f52e8251)

The PR description mentions that certain content is being removed because it isn’t found in the settings. However, the Manage Users page  does include these options—they’re just not easily discoverable due to outdated navigational instructions. Instead of deleting this section, let’s do two things to make it more accurate and helpful: 

1. Fix the Navigational Instructions : Let’s update the steps to align with our latest standards for finding the Manage Users page . This will help readers locate it without confusion.
2. Elaborate on User Definitions : On the Manage Users page , if you remove the "Internal Users" filter, you’ll see the other types of users (portal and public). For this section, let’s either:
- Provide a brief explanation of what portal users  and public users  are, or  
- Link to existing documentation that covers these concepts in detail (if they’re already explained elsewhere).
         
This way, we’ll ensure the section remains valuable and accurate while improving its clarity and usability. 

Let me know if you’d like to discuss how to refine this further—I’m happy to help!

Author: Hi Felicia! I removed them since I didn't see them in the database I was using. I'll take another look and make those adjustments

User type
---------

> :guilabel:`User Type` can be chosen on the :guilabel:`Manage Users` page clicking on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`User Type` can be chosen on the :guilabel:`Manage Users` page by clicking on the
```

User type
---------

> :guilabel:`User Type` can be chosen on the :guilabel:`Manage Users` page by clicking on the
> :guilabel:`search` bar, and then setting a filter for either :guilabel:`Internal User` or
> :guilabel:`Portal User`. Once that filter is set, click :guilabel:`New` in the upper-left corner to
> create a user account with that setting.

Reviewer: No need to guilabel "search" bar here, and we can add a reference to the using predefined filters documentation.

Also, I did not notice any change in the configuration when creating a user when a filter is set on this view, I don't think it is correct to state that the user account will be created with the settings of the filter.
```suggestion
:guilabel:`User Type` can be chosen on the :guilabel:`Manage Users` page by clicking on the search
bar, and then :ref:`setting a filter <search/preconfigured-filters>` for either :guilabel:`Internal
User` or :guilabel:`Portal User`.
```

Once the database has the correct number of users, the expiration message disappears automatically
after a few days, when the next verification occurs.

.. _users/passwords-management:

Password management
===================

Password management is an important part of granting users autonomous access to the database at all
times. Odoo offers a few different methods to reset a user's password.

.. tip::
   Odoo has a setting to specify the length needed for a password. This setting can be accessed by
   navigating to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Permissions` section, and entering the desired
   password length in the :guilabel:`Minimum Password Length` field. By default the value is `8`.

.. image:: users/minimum-password-length.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Minimum Password Length highlighted in the Permissions section of General Settings.

Reviewer 2: I noticed that the tip and image related to the Permissions section  are being removed, and I wanted to better understand the thought process behind this change.  

I double-checked in the Settings app, and the Permissions section  is still available in Odoo 18. Additionally, developer mode doesn’t need to be enabled to access it. Since this section was originally added for a specific reason, I’m wondering if we might want to keep it and instead ensure the information is accurate and up-to-date. 

Let me know your thoughts—I’m happy to help refine this part to make sure it’s as clear and useful as possible! 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e34b3ed-8d02-4d2d-921d-bebe15fef257)

Author: I also didn't see this in the database I was looking in. Are you seeing these in a specific account or in the runbot?
